MILITARY OPERATION
DO NOT CROSS
Please.
Please…
save the students.
Once Nam Tae-il takes over,
he'll try to blow up the dorm right away.
So I'll release the students
before he comes.
Keeping people's mouths shut
is the ANSP's specialty.
So it won't be a problem.
What about you?
I…
I'll live quietly for the rest of my life.
I'll make false statements
if you need me to.
"The ANSP
has persistently strived
to save the students
from the vicious armed Northern spies."
How can I trust you?
They are just
innocent young college girls!
You know that!
If the students can be spared,
I'll betray
my conscience and convictions
without hesitation.
All right.
Release them in five minutes.
Honey!
You're not even the ANSP director anymore!
-You must get out of this for the future!
-Chief An.
Call the reporters in.
Releasing the students
is advantageous to us.
Gang-mu.
Gang-mu?
Mr. An.
Listen.
You saw the SWAT team was largely
reinforced and the dorm is surrounded.
And there are no reporters at the scene.
I'm warning you.
Anyone who gets out of the dorm
will be killed immediately.
An.
I'm sorry,
but I need you to leave the scene now.
Let's get out.
Nam Tae-il is coming. We must go!
ROASTED SWEET POTATO
Hey, wait. You need to pay.
No, look at that.
Look over there.
CANDIDATE NO.1, PARK MU-YEOL
A COUNTRY WITHOUT CONFUSION
Crush it.
Stop!